Miss Zuo
More beautiful and generous than the rumors
Yes!
Miss Zuo is really the most outstanding among the wealthy families in Sioucheng
No wonder even Mr. Liu likes him so much
You were joking.
Thanks to meeting Mr. Liu that day
If only this group of people could hold me like this before
Angelica cinnamon branch
Deerslayer licorice
What other medicine is there?
Burnt snake hey yes yes yes
Why didn't I think of that?
Xiaoyong
You seem to have studied medicine as well.
Isn't this the Holy Hand of Chinese Medicine?
If you can catch up with him
A little bit
Our family makes medical equipment
Immersed from an early age
This is an ancient recipe
Those who know
So a couple.
Can you know
It means that your family has also received the inheritance of ancient medicine
Hey, can I meet your family?
Certainly!
I remember the ancient recipe
It was in a book I read at home when I was a kid
I've turned my house upside down in the past two days
Can't find that book
compared to
Miss Zuo's sister is not up to expectations
Pregnancy out of wedlock is completely off the table
Fortunately, he was expelled from the left house
You said this
I met my sister at the welcome restaurant two days ago
Yeah, and he ordered 200,000 takeout
I thought
My sister is indeed the eldest daughter of our Zuo family
You can also thrive away from home
result
I didn't expect it a few days ago.
He was actually holding an old man in his 60s and 70s
Ah!
So shameless
Hey, you didn't say you wouldn't be a mistress, did you?
Back in the day
He can cuckold his fiancé
It's not surprising to be a lover for an old man